[GHOSTS giggling]
[KAEDE]
Slow down!
[GHOST B]
Come on, this way!
[GHOSTS giggling]
[KAEDE]
Aw, man.
It's times like this when being
slow really is a huge pain.
And in a tight space like
this, I can't call Syrup.
[GHOSTS giggling]
[KAEDE]
I don't see what's so--
[KAEDE yelling]
[GHOSTS giggling]
[KAEDE]
What is this? A slime?
Think you can get out of there?
We have something
special for you,
but you'll have
to catch us first!
[laughing]
Of course! Psychokinesis!
Ah-ha! Not bad, eh?
Psychokinesis lets me
move any objects I want
with my mind,
including monsters!
Venom Capsule!
Followed by--
[GHOSTS]
What's going on?!
That should make it
a little harder to move.
And now for the finishing touch.
Mr. Slime!
[KAEDE] Okay, that
should just about do it.
You're freezing up.
Is something wrong?
[GHOST A]
Oh, no, we've been caught.
[GHOST B]
We sure have been caught.
[GHOSTS]
Let's play again sometime!
[KAEDE]
Huh?
Not really sure what
that was all about.
All right!
These must be what
Sally was looking for!
Wait, what's this last one?
"Acquired Ghost Girl's Clothes"?
[ADMIN A]
Maple strikes again!
Her unpredictable play
style has triggered a bug
in the game!
[F ADMIN B] Ugh! I can't believe
they actually froze up.
[ADMIN B] My guess would be
the combination of the poison,
the slime, and the items
surpassed the game's
object limit.
[ADMIN C] What possessed you
to put a slime at the bottom
of a pitfall in the first place?
[F ADMIN B]
I thought it was a good idea.
Hindsight's 20-20, you know!
[SECRETARY]
We can discuss it later.
Right now, we should focus
on getting that bug fixed.
[ADMIN A]
Oh, yeah. You're right.
Very good point.
[F ADMIN B] I feel pretty safe
in saying no other player's
ever gonna do that again.
[SECRETARY]
A bug is a bug.
It must be eliminated.
[ADMIN A]
You heard her, everyone!
Start working on
a fix right away!
[ADMINS]
Right!
[ADMIN A]
Ugh. My tummy hurts.
Hey! Sorry for calling
you here so suddenly.
It's fine, but what's
that you've got on?
Oh, this outfit comes with
a skill called Poltergeist.
It allows you to move
up to ten objects
at the same time!
I was trying to get
those items you wanted
and ended up with this, too.
Wait, those items I wanted?
You heard me!
Here.
What? You mean you--
I went back in there
and got them!
I know how uncomfortable
Level Six makes you.
It was no big deal.
No way!
You're the best, Maple!
I'm gonna go try 'em out!
Thanks so much, but-- it turns
out I can't use this one.
Huh? Why not?
Try it for yourself
in the field.
Well, I'm gonna head out and
look for someplace to grind.
See ya!
Is it especially difficult
to use or something?
Hands of Salvation!
Gah! I see.
Yeah, I don't think this
is for Sally after all.
Oh, well.
Oh, it's Mii.
Sorry 'bout that!
Been here long?
[MII]
No, it's fine.
I should apologize
for the short notice.
[KAEDE] Please don't!
I didn't have any plans anyway.
Well, thanks!
So, anyway, what do you think?
Can you help me?
Sure!
I mean, I told you
I would, didn't I?
[KAEDE]
A graveyard, huh?
[MII] There should be
some hitodama nearby.
Those who defeat them
are rewarded with
a flame-strengthening skill.
But they're supposed
to be pretty strong,
and they use AoE attacks.
You just let me
worry about that!
Loving Sacrifice!
Throne of the Heavenly King!
This will keep both of us safe!
Oh, but I can't move
while I'm using this skill,
so stay close.
Uh-- Yeah. Right. I got it.
[FLAME MONSTERS growl]
[FLAME MONSTER laughs]
Flame!
[FLAME MONSTERS shriek]
Whoa!
Even your Flame isn't
enough to beat them?
If only I had more firepower.
[FLAME MONSTERS laugh]
You're fine!
You shouldn't take any damage--
not as long as
I'm on this throne.
Perfect!
I'll take my time and
do my incantation.
O crimson glow that doth
banish the blackest darkness.
Vein of burning heat
coursing betwixt destruction
and chaos.
I summon thy power
to this place,
in accordance with
the eternal contract.
Let thy violent breath that
spilleth forth from fractures
in the world cause
the earth to tremble,
fill the heavens, and eradicate
all enemies before me!
Volcano Explosion!
Oh, wow! Look at that!
That was incredible!
I should have known you'd
have an awesome skill
like that at your disposal!
[MII chuckles]
Thank you.
You know, as long
as we're together,
we could hit up a café.
I have a really
good one in mind!
I'm beginning to think
you know more about stuff
like this than you do
about the battlefield.
[KAEDE laughs]
Could be!
[MII]
What's Sally got going on today?
I'm afraid the
atmosphere on Level Six
is a bit more than
Sally can handle,
so she's spending the whole
day on Level Five grinding.
That surprises me.
What I mean is, Sally seems
like the kind of person
who can handle anything.
The worst part is not being
able to play together as much.
And that's why we've
already promised to pair up
in the next event.
You two have some friendship.
I'm jealous.
It's true.
And we are the exact
same way in real life.
Do you ever go exploring
with the other members
of your guild?
[MII]
Hmm. Sometimes, yeah.
But I feel way more at
ease when I'm with you.
Oh, 'cause with them you
have to play the leader.
If I'd known this is
how it was gonna be,
I would've created a different
character entirely. Ugh.
[KAEDE] Aw, sounds
like it's a little rough.
It's a lot rough!
How could I have been
stupid enough to do this
to myself?
I got some cool skills,
and then right away,
I let it go to my head.
Look, whenever you feel the
need to get away from it all,
just know I'm always
here for you!
[MII]
Thanks, that helps.
[door opens]
Oh, it's Maple and Mii.
Hey there!
[KASUMI] You two are
certainly an unusual pairing.
Uh... right.
Well, you two are a pretty
unusual pairing yourselves!
I visited your guild 'cause
I wanted to challenge Sally
to a duel, but
I had totally forgotten
about her whole thing
with ghosts.
And so, it fell to me to
duel her in Sally's stead.
As it turns out,
I defeated her quite handily.
[KAEDE] And that was when Mii
razed everything to the ground!
Her fire was so beautiful, too!
[MII]
I owe it all to my training.
That, and the increasingly
powerful magic and skills
I've gained.
Oh, really?
Hey, good for you!
I gotta get even someday
with you, Maple.
You clobbered me during
that one event, remember?
Well, I won't go down easy!
I've been working hard, too!
I know someone else
who's been improving.
It's Payne.
I was under the impression
you were referring
to yourself.
I wish I had room to brag,
but I keep losing to Sally,
no matter how many
times I face her.
I'm sorry, but if you
can't even defeat me,
you'll never beat
Sally or Maple.
We will beat you in the
next guild competition.
That's the plan, isn't it, Mii?
Indeed.
It's my job to lead the
Flame Emperors to victory
and crush anyone
standing in our way.
Bring it on, then!
Oh, but could you do me a favor
and not use piercing attacks?
But those are our only
chance of winning.
[GROUP laughs]
I've been looking for
a tame monster, too.
One I can keep as a companion,
like that turtle you have.
I thought there might be a
ghostly one somewhere
in Level Six,
but no luck so far.
Oh, no.
If you find one, you're not
gonna use it against Sally,
are you?
Uh oh. Busted.
If you do, I'll take
a bite out of you
in the next guild competition!
[biting]
[chuckles]
That seems like something
I'm gonna want to avoid.
Anyway, think I'll
be heading out now.
How about you, Kasumi?
Me, too.
I was just thinking it's about
time for me to log off.
Maple. Mii. Good day.
--[MII] Mm.
--[FREDERICA] See ya.
Bye bye!
[MII sighs]
That was a close one!
My guard was down,
and there they were!
I'm sorry.
Next time, we'll have
to get our tea at a place
where we're less likely
to run into our friends.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
[KAEDE giggles]
Rawr, rawr!
Hello and thank you all
for being here today!
I hope you're all ready,
because the seventh event
is about to begin!
Each of the playing fields
offers a different level
of difficulty, so you can
choose the challenge
that's right for you.
Additionally, each party will
have their very own map,
so you'll be fighting the
monsters, not each other.
You can let loose to
your heart's content!
The event will last five days,
during which time
you're free to log on
and off as you wish.
Upon completion,
medals will be awarded
based on difficulty level.
Without further ado...
It's been a long time since
we last saw you, Sally.
I'm so excited to have Sally
all to myself this time!
Finally, we're a duo again!
We're going for the highest
difficulty level, right?
Oh, yeah. I'm so excited!
[DORAZOU]
Zero! Let the games begin!
So, do we work our
way up to the top?
[RISA] Looks like it
has ten floors total,
though it's possible we'll get
transported somewhere else
at some point.
Oh! I can't wait to conquer it!
[RISA]
Right. Let's get moving!
[RISA] First floor looks like
a regular dungeon.
We should try not
to bump into anything.
[KAEDE]
Okay. Loving Sacrifice!
Followed by Wooly!
Uh, this is kind of a strange
way to explore a dungeon.
This way, we get a solid
boost to our defense,
and we avoid any pitfalls.
It's a win-win!
Maple! Those monsters!
Deploy Armament!
Got 'em!
That's true, you did.
And you should
see yourself right now.
--Sally.
--Yeah. It's coming from below.
Wool Hunting!
[RISA] Maple, is your
Deploy Armaments--
Huh? Yeah! It's Machine God V2!
Apparently, the deal is it'll
change form however I want,
or whatever.
Well, I guess I
shouldn't be surprised.
[DRAGON A growls]
Maple, back me up!
[KAEDE]
Commence Attack!
[RISA]
Super Speed!
I'm sorry!
Don't worry about it!
[DRAGON A growls]
[KAEDE]
Cover Move!
It's charging up!
[RISA gasps]
[KAEDE]
Pierce Guard!
[KAEDE, RISA yell]
Maple, attack inside its mouth!
What?
Its breath.
That's probably trying to
protect it's weakness,
so aim for the inside.
Good point. Okay!
[KAEDE yells]
Maple!
Commence Attack!
All right! First floor clear!
[F ADMIN B]
She cleared the first floor!
[ADMIN A] Wasn't that dragon's
defining feature supposed to be
its high defense stat?
[ADMIN B] That was the
basis of its design, yes.
But to keep it from
being totally unbeatable,
we gave it a weak
spot inside its mouth
and provided players with
an opening to attack
when it uses its breath.
[ADMIN C] But we still gave it a
pretty substantial amount of HP.
[F ADMIN A]
Who'd have thought.
Really, to go and jump
directly into its mouth?
[SECRETARY] Maple does this
sort of thing all the time.
--This was quite foreseeable.
--[ADMIN B] Ugh.
[F ADMIN B] Let's not lose
our heads just yet!
This was only the
first floor, after all!
[ADMIN C]
You're absolutely right!
The first floor's always
the easiest to get past.
That's just how
these things work!
[F ADMIN A]
Yeah!
The second-floor monster's
even tougher than the dragon.
And Maple in particular
should have a pretty rough
time with it.
[ADMIN A]
Good point!
That Maple's really got
her work cut out for her
this time!
[SECRETARY]
Very well.
Let's watch.
[KAEDE]
So, this floor's a library.
[RISA]
Are you wearing glasses?
I found them at
the shop earlier.
You think they make
me look smart?
I mean, I did right up
until you asked me that.
Something's here!
Okay!
Commence Attack!
What? Hey!
[RISA]
Maple!
Machine God!
You mean it stole your skill?
[KAEDE grunts]
[RISA]
Web User!
[KAEDE yells]
[RISA]
Ice Pillar!
[KAEDE grunts, yells]
[RISA] Maple, did it
take any other skills?
[KAEDE]
Seeping Chaos.
Throne of the Heavenly King.
Pandemonium. Predator. Atrocity.
Just about all of
my skills are gone!
The only ones I have left
are Provocation and--
So, we're basically fighting
a pseudo-Maple?
Tell me, what's
your current vitality?
Two thousand-ish?
Two thousand?
Uh...
Then you should be able
to withstand its attacks
for a while.
And my ice pillars
are indestructible.
So, stay here and try to take
out half the targets, 'kay?
[KAEDE]
Got it!
Provocation!
A Step Toward the Underworld!
Fireball!
Loving Sacrifice!
Just as I hoped!
Take this! Fireball!
[KAEDE]
That's right!
Loving Sacrifice is a skill
that absorbs damage
directed at allies!
[RISA]
Double Slash!
Ha!
[RISA]
More targets!
Thank you kindly!
[KAEDE]
Provocation!
--[KAEDE yells]
--[RISA] Maple!
[KAEDE grunts] It's fine!
I didn't take any damage!
Heh... Whoa!
Wow.
Even fleshed out
the insides, huh?
[RISA]
Maple! Hang tight for a sec!
I've almost got this!
[RISA]
May as well try it.
Okay, what do I do?
Guess I could eat it
like I usually do.
Though, it is paper.
Man. I'm worn out.
[RISA] But hey, I got
to test some things.
[KAEDE]
Sally! You beat it already?
And so fast! Wow!
Well, you know.
These shoes you gave
me turned out to be
a big help after all.
Anyway, did you get
your skills back?
Yeah, it looks like everything's
back to the way it was!
Hi, guys!
Good to have you back!
Great.
[SECRETARY]
They made it through again.
[ADMIN C]
Uh, yeah.
[F ADMIN A] But did you see how
much Maple was struggling there?
[ADMIN A]
Sure enough.
She really did have
trouble with it, huh?
[SECRETARY]
Yes.
Too bad the same
can't be said for Sally.
[ALL groan]
[ADMIN A]
Let's keep watching!
[KAEDE] The third floor's
got a whole different
environment, too.
[RISA] Are we gonna get
jumped by a boss right off
the bat again?
[KAEDE yelps]
Apparently, the ground here
deals fixed damage.
It might not be a problem for
you with your high defense,
but I should watch out.
[GOLEM A growls]
That thing looks super strong!
Ice Pillar!
Web User!
A Step Toward the Underworld!
Ancient Sea!
And Water Ball!
--No luck?
--Okay. Go, Syrup!
Spirit Cannon!
[SYRUP]
Turtle!
[RISA] This looks like
it might just work!
[KAEDE]
Huh? Wait. What the heck?
[RISA]
It's changing forms?
What's this?
It doesn't feel cold, but--
It's probably a status effect.
We better end this quickly!
[GOLEM A growls]
Fine! Atrocity!
[KAEDE growls]
[GOLEM A growls]
So weak!
[ADMIN A yells]
[ADMIN B]
Another failure!
[SECRETARY] No, I believe this
was quite troublesome for them.
[ADMIN A]
Huh? Are you serious?
[ADMIN C]
How do you figure?
[SECRETARY] Because, this time,
Maple finally took damage.
Terrain damage.
[ADMINS]
Terrain damage?